Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/1-prepare-kitchen/2-interact-node.md

## Launch the Apps User Interface

You can navigate to the
[Polkadot-JS Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/settings/developer?rpc=ws://127.0.0.1:9944) user
interface. This is a general purpose interface for interacting with many different Substrate-based
blockchains including Polkadot. From now on we'll call it "Apps" for short. Before Apps will work

> with our blockchain, we need to give it a little chain-specific information known as the "types".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with our blockchain, we need to give it some chain-specific information known as the "types".
```

You'll learn what all this means as you work through the recipes; for now just follow the
instructions.

> If you are not clicking the link above but visiting Apps directly, by default Apps connects to

> > Kusama network. You will need to switch to your locally running network, with only one node, by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the Kusama network. You will need to switch to your locally running network, with only one node, by
```

> clicking on the network icon on Apps top left corner.
>
> ![Screenshot: Switching Network](../img/apps-select-network.png)

> Some browsers, notably Firefox, will not connect to a local node from an https website. An easy
> work around is to try another browser, like Chromium. Another option is to
> [host this interface locally](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps#development).

If you're not already on the `Settings -> Developer`page, please navigate there. Copy the contents
of `runtimes/super-runtime/types.json` into Apps.

![Screenshot: pasting types into Apps UI](../img/apps-types.png)

> The kitchen node uses the super runtime by default. As you work through the recipes, you'll learn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kitchen node uses the "super runtime" by default. As you work through the recipes, you'll learn
```
maybe?

Author: ```suggestion
The kitchen node uses the `super-runtime` by default. As you work through the recipes, you'll learn
```
